Don't ask confirmation when pinning a new package (#6309)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Config

## Pin

>   * Don't ask confirmation when pinning a new package [#6309 @kit-ty-kate]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Don't ask confirmation when pinning a unknown package (absent from repositories) [#6309 @kit-ty-kate]
```

Author: done
